chore: add storage policy documentation (#4246)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/configuration/session-recording/configure-storage-policy.mdx

- Keep forever
- Do not delete
- Do not retain
- Custom retention period

## Create a storage policy

Complete the following steps to create a storage policy in Boundary for session recording:

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="UI" group="ui">

1. Log in to Boundary.
1. Select **Storage Policies** in the navigation panel.
1. Click **Create a new storage policy**.
1. Complete the following fields to create the Boundary storage policy:
   - **Name**: (Optional) The name field is optional, but if you enter a name it must be unique.
   - **Description**: (Optional) An optional description of the Boundary storage policy for identification purposes.
   - **Retention Policy**: (Required) Specifies how long a recording must be stored, in days. 
   Policy values include:
     - `Forever`: if enabled, Deletion Policy is disabled.
     - `Custom`: Specify a custom retention policy in days.
     - `Do not protect, allow deletion at any time`
     - `SOC 2 (7 years)`
     - `HIPPA (6 years)`
   - **Deletion Policy**: (Required) Specifies when to delete a recording, in days.
   Policy values include:
   - `Do not delete`: Do not delete recordings, even after the retention policy is met.

>    - `Custom`: Specify the number of days after the retention policy before recordings are deleted.

Reviewer: oops I need to fix this description I think

>    As an example, the following would create a SOC 2 compliant policy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   As an example, the following settings would create a SOC 2 compliant policy:
```

   - **Name**: `soc2-policy`
   - **Description**: `SOC 2 compliant storage policy for session recordings`
   - **Retention Policy**: `SOC 2 (7 years)`
   - **Deletion Policy**: `Custom`
   Delete after: `2657` days
   Toggle the switch beside **Allow orgs to override**.

1. Click **Save**.

</Tab>
<Tab heading="CLI" group="cli">

1. Log in to Boundary.
1. Use the following command to create a storage policy in Boundary:

   ```shell-session
   $ boundary policies create storage \
       -name soc2-policy \
       -description 'SOC 2 compliant storage policy for session recordings' \
       -scope-id global \
       -retain-for-days 2557 \
       -retain-for-overridable false \
       -delete-after-days 2657 \
       -delete-after-overridable true
   ```

   The following [attributes](/boundary/docs/concepts/domain-model/storage-policies) can be used when defining a storage policy:

   - `name`: (Optional) An optional human readable name.
   - `description`: (Optional) An optional human readable description.

>    - `scope-id`: (Optional) The ID of the scope (Global or an Org) that will own the policy. Defaults to `global`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `scope-id`: (Optional) The ID of the scope (global or an org) that owns the policy. Defaults to `global`.
```

```

<Note>

  This example uses [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/) to process the JSON output for readability.

</Note>

**Example output:**

<CodeBlockConfig hideClipboard>

```plaintext
{
  "id": "pst_wV4bWSYYwL",
  "scope_id": "global",
  "scope": {
    "id": "global",
    "type": "global",
    "name": "global",
    "description": "Global Scope"
  },
  "name": "soc2-api-test",
  "description": "SOC 2 compliant storage policy for session recordings",
  "created_time": "2024-01-26T03:44:58.119640Z",
  "updated_time": "2024-01-26T03:44:58.119640Z",
  "type": "storage",
  "version": 1,
  "attributes": {
    "delete_after": {
      "days": 2657,
      "overridable": true
    },
    "retain_for": {
      "days": 2557,
      "overridable": false
    }
  },
  "authorized_actions": [
    "no-op",
    "read",
    "update",
    "delete"
  ]
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

</Tab>
</Tabs>

In this example, recordings stored within the global scope must be retained for 7 years (2557 days), and will be automatically deleted 100 days later (at 2657 days). Scopes beneath `global` will not be able to override this retention policy, but are able to override the deletion policy.

<Warning>

>   Boundary does not support an undo action. Storage policies are meant to enforce compliance to a specific law or regulation. Updating the Storage policy of a session recording can have immediate and possibly unexpected results such as the immediate deletion of session recordings. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Boundary does not support an undo action. Storage policies are meant to enforce compliance to a specific law or regulation. Updating the storage policy of a session recording can have immediate and possibly unexpected results such as the immediate deletion of session recordings. 
```

</Warning>

## Attach storage policies to a scope

> Storage policies must be applied to a scope (`global` or a specific org) to take effect. Once attached, all recordings within the child scopes inherit the storage policy, unless overridden by a policy applied to the child scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must apply storage policies to a scope (`global` or a specific org) to take effect. Once attached, all recordings within the child scopes inherit the storage policy, unless overridden by a policy applied to the child scope.
```

  "type": "org",
  "authorized_actions": [
    "delete",
    "attach-storage-policy",
    "detach-storage-policy",
    "no-op",
    "read",
    "update"
  ],
  "authorized_collection_actions": {
    "auth-methods": [
      "create",
      "list"
    ],
    "auth-tokens": [
      "list"
    ],
    "groups": [
      "create",
      "list"
    ],
    "policies": [
      "list",
      "create"
    ],
    "roles": [
      "list",
      "create"
    ],
    "scopes": [
      "list",
      "list-keys",
      "rotate-keys",
      "list-key-version-destruction-jobs",
      "destroy-key-version",
      "create"
    ],
    "session-recordings": [
      "list"
    ],
    "storage-buckets": [
      "list",
      "create"
    ],
    "users": [
      "create",
      "list"
    ]
  },
  "storage_policy_id": "pst_WZ3SQSSYJY"
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

</Tab>
</Tabs>

### Verify attached policies

Check that the storage policy was successfully attached to the `prod-databases` scope.

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="UI">

1. Log in to Boundary.
1. Select **Orgs** in the navigation panel and select the `prod-databases` org.
1. Select **Org Settings** in the navigation panel for the `prod-databases` org.

> 1. Verify that the 'soc2-policy' is listed under **Storage Policy**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Verify that the `soc2-policy` is listed under **Storage Policy**.
```

  "authorized_actions": [
    "update",
    "delete",
    "attach-storage-policy",
    "detach-storage-policy",
    "no-op",
    "read"
  ],
  "authorized_collection_actions": {
    "auth-methods": [
      "create",
      "list"
    ],
    "auth-tokens": [
      "list"
    ],
    "groups": [
      "create",
      "list"
    ],
    "policies": [
      "list",
      "create"
    ],
    "roles": [
      "list",
      "create"
    ],
    "scopes": [
      "list",
      "list-keys",
      "rotate-keys",
      "list-key-version-destruction-jobs",
      "destroy-key-version",
      "create"
    ],
    "session-recordings": [
      "list"
    ],
    "storage-buckets": [
      "create",
      "list"
    ],
    "users": [
      "create",
      "list"
    ]
  },
  "storage_policy_id": "pst_WZ3SQSSYJY"
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

Verify that the `soc2-policy` ID (`pst_WZ3SQSSYJY` in this example) is listed under `storage_policy_id`.

</Tab>
</Tabs>

### Read and list session recordings

New session recordings under the `prod-databases` scope should now show a `retain_until` and `delete_after` date corresponding to the `soc2-policy` storage policy.

<Tabs>
<Tab heading="UI" group="ui">

> 1. Create a new session recording on a target within the `prod-databases` org.

Reviewer 2: Is this first step right? I think the CLI and API procedures just start with a `list`, which I believe would be the same as clicking Session Recordings in the nav panel.

Reviewer: hmm no this is right, I should probably add that step to the other tabs 👍

Reviewer: this should be fixed, great catch!

1. Log in to Boundary.
1. Select **Session Recordings** in the navigation panel. 
1. Select **View** for a new recording that was made after the storage policy was attached to the `prod-databases` scope.

> 1. Under **Session details**, verify that the *Retain until* and *Delete after* dates match the durations defined in the 'soc2-policy'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Under **Session details**, verify that the *Retain until* and *Delete after* dates match the durations defined in the `soc2-policy`.
```

            "id": "global",
            "type": "global",
            "name": "global",
            "description": "Global Scope"
          }
        },
        "target": {
          "id": "tssh_cjTsFSU10p",
          "name": "recording-target",
          "scope": {
            "id": "p_ocJPxzrz2p",
            "type": "project",
            "name": "recording-project",
            "parent_scope_id": "o_aDkVBCDTvY"
          },
          "session_max_seconds": 28800,
          "session_connection_limit": -1,
          "egress_worker_filter": "\"recording-worker\" in \"/tags/type\"",
          "type": "ssh",
          "attributes": {
            "default_port": 22
          }
        }
      },
      "authorized_actions": [
        "reapply-storage-policy",
        "no-op",
        "read",
        "download",
        "delete"
      ],
      "retain_until": "2031-01-30T06:25:53.431183Z",
      "delete_after": "2031-05-10T06:25:53.431183Z"
    }
  ],
  "response_type": "complete",
  "list_token": "GnJNt3mPNy6Cp62MUBCnZPdrQF7cvh4udEoW4CjL5k2ufvesMfKAheSJyNHmKf3zwL5aVKHT4P6q",
  "sort_by": "created_time",
  "sort_dir": "desc",
  "est_item_count": 1
}
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

> Verify that the `retain_until` and `delete_after` dates match the durations defined in the 'soc2-policy'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Verify that the `retain_until` and `delete_after` dates match the durations defined in the `soc2-policy`.
```

Alternatively, the recording details can also be queried directly by ID:

```shell-session
$ curl --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --header "Authorization: Bearer $(boundary config get-token)" \
    --request GET \
    $BOUNDARY_ADDR/v1/session-recordings/sr_nt5dFeBYdh | jq
```

</Tab>
</Tabs>

<Note>

>   Existing recordings within a scope or its children do not automatically have new or updated polices applied to them. Policies must be re-applied to existing recordings to take effect. Refer to the [Update storage bucket policies](/boundary/docs/configuration/session-recording/update-storage-policy) page for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Existing recordings within a scope or its children do not automatically have new or updated polices applied to them. Policies must be reapplied to existing recordings to take effect. Refer to the [Update storage bucket policies](/boundary/docs/configuration/session-recording/update-storage-policy) page for more details.
```

Reviewer: I'm going to keep this as re-applied in all these docs, because I just noticed the UI has it labeled that way, as "Re-apply storage policy"

Reviewer 2: 👍 Makes sense
